---
layout:     post                    # 使用的布局（不需要改）
title:      Research Experience               # 标题 
subtitle:   machine learning,bioinformatic #副标题
date:       2019-11-03              # 时间
author:     Zongyou Liu                    # 作者
header-img: img/post-bg-2015.jpg    #这篇文章标题背景图片
catalog: true                       # 是否归档
tags:                               #标签
    - research
---

### The relationship between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) and gastric cancer based on feature construction  
Prof. Fengfeng Zhou, Health Informatics Lab, Jilin University       Aug 2019-November 2019  
&nbsp; * Achieve a higher prediction accuracy(0.92) with a smaller feature dimension.  
&nbsp; * Compare the performance of various algorithms on datasets.  
&nbsp; * Lead a team of three undergraduates on this whole project.  

##### Reflection:  
To be honest, we do not have paper published because we do make the accuracy of prediction higher but the improvement is not so conspicuous.   
The reason for why we do not have a better result is that feature construction is a new area so there are not many documents to refer to and it is my first time to work on scientific research.   
However, I benefit from this experience a lot.   
First of all, I have a deeper understanding of some algorithms of machine learning. I also have a clear picture of the process of feature selection and training.  
Secondly, to solve a problem, I am willing to try a lot of methods as well as ask my tutor lots of times. I think doing scientific research is not easy, but I feel happy and I love challenges.  

***

### model-based quantitative transcriptional regulation relationships between human and mouse  
Prof. Fengfeng Zhou, Health Informatics Lab, Jilin University  &emsp;    February 2020-Present

